I am planning to build an claude obsidian integration that can help me maintain my obsidian vault by organizing my notes and integrating the new information with the existing ones without duplicating and cluttering the space with redundant information. It also keeps in mind to not miss out important information in the name of over simplification yet providing a touch of simplicity for layman understanding on any concept that is put into the obsidian space. The main intent is let's say I am debugging something and I use claude to understand a particular topic in detail with more follow ups and stuff which builds a context in that particular instance of claude, now by referencing the obsidian plugin the current context or knowledge can be seamlessly integrated into obsidian vault and with time my knowledge base grows as I grow in my career. use tags intelligently. my organization expects me to publish research papers, presentations, conference papers etc. so we can have a folder called papers/ and identify and add candidates which are worth publishing / presenting. Doesnt mean this has to happen with one / every interaction or update, lets say I happen to have 10 different study sessions, debugs, perspectives on a particular concept / related concept / system concept, as you add, if you feel a good candidate is identified then we can add in papers/. use flow diagrams (mermaid) renders within .md by obsidian or add excalidraw diagrams using mcp in excalidraw folder and link it.

Cross-Linking / Concept Graph. No Rigid Note Schema, Different concepts deserve different structures and strategies. When an existing note is coherent and well-structured, it adapts to the note's existing style. When an existing note is messy, fragmented, contradictory, or clearly rushed, propose a clean rewritten version. Give the user the diff of what is going into the obsidian vault. Before writing anything, search vault filenames and headings for existing related notes. Basically, it is a context Capture from Claude Sessions 